Hi there, this is me liza and I'm starting today
first series of paper minecraft
probably every when ore dripped or
when building a house met him yes how are you
probably already guessed it creeper
i have a black and white printer
creeper consists of six parts
these are two legs two back legs a trunk and
head
time about it took him
Little
I think this is one of the easiest
which figures I already have yes
so I think this is one of the most
easy here
it means the scheme of this creeper I will leave in
To my VKontakte group I will write a link to
description
following this we will have mumps yes
so here I am and have a penny on
many paper product options in
pigs are not drawn
scheme 5. so I had a penny
cut from the scheme
paradise pig here turned a revolution
cool very much as we see him not
here in the head on the head here such
sticks out a little behind
more precisely head trample a little here
this in order that it was created to
more realistic single I can't
understand minecraft why there are no pigs
cats and pony tail would create
cool here are blue there are four paws
torso means head and penny and 3 on
today could this we will have a zombie zombie
oddly enough on this zombie
he has two legs two arms torso
head
everything is logical that's actually green
well i repeat my printer is black and white
and also his scheme I will lay out my group in
contact and in contact will also be
poll who should I review next
series
that is, there will be such subjects for example
100 enchantments small critter and
for example already thrown spoons can also be
chicken means you can different shapes cake
and big steve well it is you yourself
to choose
and now see you all for now